[Music]
Hey
are you pointing at me watch this twelve
gestures that can make you less
attractive long before we had nice
clothes to impress others and even
before we had spoken communication to
convince people to like us there was
body language this instinctual nonverbal
messenger is still the main factor that
influences how others perceive us so
here's a quick guide to some gestures
you should avoid if you want people to
like you
and a bit later we'll give you a couple
of tips on how to always give a good
first impression counting down from
number 12 gripping your arm behind your
back
when you grip your wrist or forearm
behind your back
it sends a strong negative signal to
those around you this is mostly because
we stand like this when we're moody or
ticked off and the higher you grab your
arm the angrier you seem to people
number 11
crossing your ankles standing with your
ankles crossed shows you don't
completely believe in the things you're
saying if you also have your hands in
your pockets I bet no one will take you
seriously hiding your hands in your
pockets means a lot of things which is
why it's important to interpret body
language as a whole but in most cases
people put their hands in their pockets
when they're nervous number 10
clasping your hands clasp hands resting
on the table is a mini version of
crossing your arms over your chest but
it means the same thing I'm shutting
myself off and I don't want to talk to
you not a very nice message to send to
others right number 9 elbows on the
table and fingers laced together my mom
always said get your elbows off the
table and she was right sitting with
your fingers laced together and your
hands raised off the table is a
modification of the previous gesture but
be careful this one is even worse
the higher you place your arms the more
you want to hide behind them number
eight
slouching bad posture isn't just harmful
to your health it also gives the
impression that you feel helpless
unconfident and miserable in life the
same goes for dragging your feet
straighten your back look ahead of you
and pick your feet up when you walk
these tips will improve your appearance
even more than a new suit or a stunning
dress number seven smirking this closed
lips smile seems to be the go-to for
most people
perhaps it's with good intentions maybe
you want to make people feel comfortable
so you decide to smile but if it's not
sincere you just end up smirking and
people perceive such a tight-lipped
smile as sarcasm and smugness number six
a hand reaching towards the person
you're talking to especially bad if
there's a gun in it not many people
recognize this sign but you should still
be careful if you have a habit of doing
it sitting at a table and talking to a
person with your hand extended out
towards them can send an off-putting
message it basically tells your
conversation partner that you want them
to stop talking of course this rule
doesn't apply for situations when you
want to hold the other person's hand
number five hands on your hips well we
usually take this stance simply because
we don't know where to put our hands
it's still a pretty intimidating pose to
see on a conversation partner standing
with your hands on your hips says well
what do you want to tell me I'll
probably disagree anyway yeah definitely
not the most inviting message to send to
someone number four Hitchhiker's thumb
we've all seen this gesture in movies
but unless you're actually hitchhiking
which of course you should never do
because it's dangerous don't point your
thumb behind you while talking to
somebody this gesture can often be
regarded as a sign of disrespect it
makes you look arrogant and indifferent
number three clenched fists
now clinching your hands reveals hidden
anger and fear and the higher your fist
is raised the more tension it indicates
it almost looks like you're literally
about to punch someone in the face or
you're ready to defend yourself whether
it's true or not this is the message
people are getting that's why fewer
contracts are made with people who stand
or sit like this during business
negotiations number two
a hand covering your mouth you shouldn't
cover your mouth with your hand when you
talk because the person you're speaking
with might think that you're hiding
something besides we unconsciously touch
our mouths when we're lying and many
people know this also when you cover
your mouth it can be hard to understand
what you're saying and that's just
annoying for everybody
number one shaking your finger at
someone we often use this gesture when
we really want to convince someone of
our point on a certain matter but the
effect turns out to be quite the
opposite most people don't like to be
scolded like a kid and finally as
promised here are some pointers that'll
help you leave a good impression of
yourself in every person you talk to
smile sincerely don't force or fake it
we can feel when a smile is forced so if
you want to generate a genuine smile
just bring to mind any happy moment from
your life that makes you smile every
time you think about it
cheerfulness is contagious and deep down
we all want to catch the bug when you
smile sincerely people want to be around
you
I contact is key I contact should be the
most important part of communication it
shows that you respect your conversation
partner enough to pay attention to them
but there's a happy medium when it comes
to how much contact you should maintain
if there's too little you come off as
rude but if you stare the other person
down too intensely they'll most likely
feel super uncomfortable or they might
think you're trying to start a staring
contest with them hmm if you tend to
maintain too much eye contact or you
simply want to avoid doing so try to
fidget with something every once in a
while maybe lint on your pants or
something in your salad just don't
overdo the fake distractions because
you'll seem impolite
tilt your head whenever you're talking
to someone slightly tilt your head to
one side from a strictly evolutionary
stance this gesture indicates
vulnerability because it exposes one's
carotid artery basically a person has
their guard down and doesn't plan to
fight and today we still get this
instinctual feeling that someone who's
showing their vulnerability can't be a
threat and we're a lot more willing to
talk to someone if we're not afraid of
them plus tilting your head makes you
look softer and sympathetic and tells
the person you're talking to that you're
interested in the conversation and
focused on them and who wouldn't want to
be the center of another person's
attention use your brows just a quick
movement of your eyebrows can be one of
those nonverbal cues that you
consciously or subconsciously use to
show friendliness raise them when your
conversation partner says something
surprising lower them when they talk
about something that's upsetting them
just use your eyebrows to show that
you're listening attentively mirror the
person you're talking to there have been
a lot of cool psychological studies on
this topic but to keep it short
we copy people who we like and we like
people who copy us this mimicking
subconsciously makes us
that we have a lot in common with
someone so we can therefore be their
friend just be sure to do it subtly if
your attempts to mirror the person
you're talking to are too noticeable
well they'll think you're just plain
where think Lucy and Harpo smearer
sketch from that old episode of I Love
Lucy yeah don't do that
to wrap it up here you'll notice that a
lot of these points have a common theme
keep your body position open and show
that you're paying attention to your
conversation partner if you follow this
advice people will be attracted to you
plus you'll also notice that it gives
you a major boost in your
self-confidence because the way we
behave affects how we feel so do you pay
attention to body language can you read
and understand it tell us in the
comments below share this video with
anyone you know who has issues with
their nonverbal communication they'll
definitely be grateful and if you had a
good time watching this video press the
like button to keep up to date with all
our new videos subscribe to our Channel
and join us on the bright side of life
[Music]